My name is Lin Yue
Just now
I learned in the circle of friends
My boyfriend Gao Yu got engaged today
I have been with Gao Yu for four years
I gave up my addiction for him
Don't accompany him to start a business
I give him what he wants
I gave him the best of my youth
He told me to wait until he got promoted
Just throw me a big wedding
I've been waiting
Dear friends and relatives
Dear guests, good afternoon.
Let's give it a big hand.
Welcome the handsome groom and beautiful bride
debut
And then the groom-to-be kisses her.
Beautiful bride kiss
Kiss one kiss one kiss one kiss
But I didn't expect
Waiting for his wedding to someone else
Gao Yu, are you worthy of me?